Problem: QR code isn't opening
Reason: The project URL is not accessible from the local machine.
Solution: 
Make the project URL accessible from the local machine.
If you're using iptables to redirect port 80 to 8080, redirect also for loopback interface:

# iptables -A OUTPUT -o lo -p tcp -m tcp --dport 80 -j REDIRECT --to-ports 8080

Problem: Kiosk mode is not working on Android device
Reason: Kiosk mode requires a valid Content Application to be configured.
Solution:
1. Open the configuration settings in the web panel
2. Navigate to the "MDM Settings" tab
3. Enable "Kiosk mode" checkbox
4. Select a "Content Application" - this is the app that will run in kiosk mode
5. Optionally configure additional kiosk settings (home button, recents, notifications, etc.)
6. Save the configuration and sync your device

Note: The Content Application must be installed on the device before kiosk mode can be activated.

Problem: Kiosk mode is enabled in database but not working on device
Reason: The Content Application configured for kiosk mode may have been deleted or is invalid.
Solution:
1. Check the server logs for warnings like: "Kiosk mode is enabled for configuration X but content app with ID Y does not exist"
2. Verify the Content Application exists:
   - Query the database: SELECT * FROM applications WHERE id IN (SELECT applicationId FROM applicationVersions WHERE id = Y)
   - If the application is missing, it was deleted
3. Fix the configuration:
   - Option A: Re-add the deleted application to the system
   - Option B: Open the configuration in web UI, go to MDM Settings, and select a different Content Application
   - Option C: Disable kiosk mode if not needed
4. After fixing, sync the device again

Technical Details: 
The server automatically disables kiosk mode in the sync response when the Content Application 
is missing or invalid. This prevents the device from receiving broken kiosk mode settings. 
Check server logs for specific error messages to diagnose the issue.